docs(collecting-kubernetes-metrics): document how to get custom kubernetes metrics (#2774)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: docs/collecting-kubernetes-metrics.md

# Collecting Kubernetes Metrics

> By default we are collecting certain list of metrics from the following services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we collect selected metrics from the following Kubernetes components:
```

- `Kube API Server` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeApiServer.serviceMonitor`
- `Kubelet` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubelet.serviceMonitor`
- `Kube Controller Manager` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeControllerManager.serviceMonitor`

> - `Core DNS` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.coreDns.serviceMonitor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CoreDNS` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.coreDns.serviceMonitor`
```
This is the official spelling afaik.

> - `Kube EtcD` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeEtcd.serviceMonitor`
> - `Kube EtcD` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeEtcd.serviceMonitor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Kube EtcD` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeEtcd.serviceMonitor`
```

- `Kube Scheduler` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeScheduler.serviceMonitor`
- `Kube State Metrics` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.kubeStateMetrics.serviceMonitor`
- `Prometheus Node Exporter` configured with `kube-prometheus-stack.nodeExporter.serviceMonitor`

If you want to forward additional metric from one of these services, you need to make two configuration changes:

- edit corresponding Service Monitor configuration.
  Service Monitor tells Prometheus which metrics it should take from the service
- ensure that the new metric is forwarded to metadata Pod,
  by adding new (or editing existing) Remote Write to
  `kube-prometheus-stack.prometheus.prometheusSpec.additionalRemoteWrite`

## Example

> Let's consider the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's consider the following example:
```

          sourceLabels: [__name__]
        - action: labelmap
          regex: container_name
          replacement: container
        - action: drop
          sourceLabels: [container]
          regex: POD
        - action: labeldrop
          regex: (id|name)
  prometheus:
    prometheusSpec:
      additionalRemoteWrite:
        ## This is required to keep default configuration. It's copy of values.yaml content
        - url: http://$(METADATA_METRICS_SVC).$(NAMESPACE).svc.cluster.local.:9888/prometheus.metrics.applications.custom
          remoteTimeout: 5s
          writeRelabelConfigs:
            - action: keep
              regex: ^true$
              sourceLabels: [_sumo_forward_]
            - action: labeldrop
              regex: _sumo_forward_
        ## This is your custom remoteWrite configuration
        - url: http://$(METADATA_METRICS_SVC).$(NAMESPACE).svc.cluster.local.:9888/prometheus.metrics.custom_kubernetes_metrics
          writeRelabelConfigs:
          - action: keep
            regex: container_blkio_device_usage_total
            sourceLabels: [__name__]
```

> __Note:__ You can use method described in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Note:__ You can use the method described in
```

[Troubleshooting Collection document](/docs/troubleshoot-collection.md#check-the-metrics-endpoint-for-kubernetes-services)
to troubleshoot this process.

## Metrics modifications

> Metric modifications are the same like for
> [Collecting application metrics](/docs/collecting-application-metrics.md#metrics-modifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the relevant section in 
[Collecting application metrics](/docs/collecting-application-metrics.md#metrics-modifications).
```
